Only last configured Identifier is published via xcube serve (#589)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

* Fixed bug that would cause that requesting data ids on some s3 stores would
  fail with a confusing ValueError.
  

> * Fixed that only last identifier was published via xcube serve (#576)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed that only last dataset of a directory listing was published via 
  `xcube serve` when using the `DataStores` configuration with 
  filesystem-based datastores such as "s3" or "file". (#576)
```
